{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green166\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red234\green255\blue191;
\red62\green61\blue61;\red26\green26\blue26;\red231\green236\blue240;\red0\green122\blue205;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh13200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://framework.zend.com/manual/1.12/en/project-structure.project.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs36 \cf0 http://framework.zend.com/manual/1.12/en/project-structure.project.html}}
\f0\fs36 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://framework.zend.com/manual/1.12/en/project-structure.filesystem.html"}}{\fldrslt http://framework.zend.com/manual/1.12/en/project-structure.filesystem.html}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl960\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs88 \cf2 \cb3 Recommended Project Directory Structure\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \cb4 {\listtext	1.	}<project name>/\
{\listtext	2.	}\'a0 \'a0 application/\
{\listtext	3.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 configs/\
{\listtext	4.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 application.ini\
{\listtext	5.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 controllers/\
{\listtext	6.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 helpers/\
{\listtext	7.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 forms/\
{\listtext	8.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 layouts/\
{\listtext	9.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 filters/\
{\listtext	10.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 helpers/\
{\listtext	11.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 scripts/\
{\listtext	12.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 models/\
{\listtext	13.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 modules/\
{\listtext	14.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 services/\
{\listtext	15.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 views/\
{\listtext	16.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 filters/\
{\listtext	17.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 helpers/\
{\listtext	18.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 scripts/\
{\listtext	19.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Bootstrap.php\
{\listtext	20.	}\'a0 \'a0 data/\
{\listtext	21.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 cache/\
{\listtext	22.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 indexes/\
{\listtext	23.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 locales/\
{\listtext	24.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 logs/\
{\listtext	25.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 sessions/\
{\listtext	26.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 uploads/\
{\listtext	27.	}\'a0 \'a0 docs/\
{\listtext	28.	}\'a0 \'a0 library/\
{\listtext	29.	}\'a0 \'a0 public/\
{\listtext	30.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 css/\
{\listtext	31.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 images/\
{\listtext	32.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 js/\
{\listtext	33.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 .htaccess\
{\listtext	34.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 index.php\
{\listtext	35.	}\'a0 \'a0 scripts/\
{\listtext	36.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 jobs/\
{\listtext	37.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 build/\
{\listtext	38.	}\'a0 \'a0 temp/\
{\listtext	39.	}\'a0 \'a0 tests/\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa340\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf5 \cb3 The following describes the use cases for each directory as listed.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa340\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}application/
\i0 : This directory contains your application. It will house the 
\fs26 \cf6 MVC
\fs28 \cf5  system, as well as configurations, services used, and your bootstrap file.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl440\sa340\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\i \cf5 {\listtext	
\f3\i0 \uc0\u9702 
\f1\i 	}configs/
\i0 : The application-wide configuration directory.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f3\i0 \uc0\u9702 
\f1\i 	}controllers/
\i0 , 
\i models/
\i0 , and 
\i views/
\i0 : These directories serve as the default controller, model or view directories. Having these three directories inside the application directory provides the best layout for starting a simple project as well as starting a modular project that has global 
\i controllers/models/views
\i0 .\
\ls2\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f3\i0 \uc0\u9702 
\f1\i 	}controllers/helpers/
\i0 : These directories will contain action helpers. Action helpers will be namespaced either as "
\f4 \cb7 Controller_Helper_
\f1 \cb3 " for the default module or "<Module>_Controller_Helper" in other modules.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f3\i0 \uc0\u9702 
\f1\i 	}layouts/
\i0 : This layout directory is for 
\fs26 \cf6 MVC
\fs28 \cf5 -based layouts. Since 
\f4 \cb7 Zend_Layout
\f1 \cb3  is capable of 
\fs26 \cf6 MVC
\fs28 \cf5 - and non-
\fs26 \cf6 MVC
\fs28 \cf5 -based layouts, the location of this directory reflects that layouts are not on a 1-to-1 relationship with controllers and are independent of templates within 
\i views/
\i0 .\
\ls2\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f3\i0 \uc0\u9702 
\f1\i 	}modules/
\i0 : Modules allow a developer to group a set of related controllers into a logically organized group. The structure under the modules directory would resemble the structure under the application directory.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f3\i0 \uc0\u9702 
\f1\i 	}services/
\i0 : This directory is for your application specific web-service files that are provided by your application, or for implementing a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog/serviceLayer.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \'bb Service Layer}} for your models.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f3\i0 \uc0\u9702 
\f1\i 	}Bootstrap.php
\i0 : This file is the entry point for your application, and should implement
\f4 \cb7 Zend_Application_Bootstrap_Bootstrapper
\f1 \cb3 . The purpose for this file is to bootstrap the application and make components available to the application by initializing them.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa340\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}data/
\i0 : This directory provides a place to store application data that is volatile and possibly temporary. The disturbance of data in this directory might cause the application to fail. Also, the information in this directory may or may not be committed to a subversion repository. Examples of things in this directory are session files, cache files, sqlite databases, logs and indexes.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\'95	}docs/
\i0 : This directory contains documentation, either generated or directly authored.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\'95	}library/
\i0 : This directory is for common libraries on which the application depends, and should be on the 
\fs26 \cf6 PHP
\fs28 \cf5  include_path. Developers should place their application's library code under this directory in a unique namespace, following the guidelines established in the 
\fs26 \cf6 PHP
\fs28 \cf5  manual's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.php.net/manual/en/userlandnaming.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \'bb Userland Naming Guide}}, as well as those established by Zend itself. This directory may also include Zend Framework itself; if so, you would house it in 
\i library/Zend/
\i0 .\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\'95	}public/
\i0 : This directory contains all public files for your application. 
\i index.php
\i0  sets up and invokes 
\f4 \cb7 Zend_Application
\f1 \cb3 , which in turn invokes the 
\i application/Bootstrap.php
\i0  file, resulting in dispatching the front controller. The web root of your web server would typically be set to this directory.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\'95	}scripts/
\i0 : This directory contains maintenance and/or build scripts. Such scripts might include command line, cron, or phing build scripts that are not executed at runtime but are part of the correct functioning of the application.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\'95	}temp/
\i0 : The 
\i temp/
\i0  folder is set aside for transient application data. This information would not typically be committed to the applications svn repository. If data under the 
\i temp/
\i0  directory were deleted, the application should be able to continue running with a possible decrease in performance until data is once again restored or recached.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\'95	}tests/
\i0 : This directory contains application tests. These could be hand-written, PHPUnit tests, Selenium-RC based tests or based on some other testing framework. By default, library code can be tested by mimicing the directory structure of your 
\i library/
\i0  directory. Additionally, functional tests for your application could be written mimicing the 
\i application/
\i0  directory structure (including the application subdirectory).\
}